(announcer)
Last time on
"Yu‐gi‐oh! ARC‐V"...
Ladies and gentlemen,
I have an important announcement
to make on behalf of
the Leo Corporation.
Effective immediately,
the Arc League
Championship will be...
suspended indefinitely!
(all gasping)
(gasping)
Mom, what's with the getup
and the motorcycle?
Don't call me Mom!
Call me
the Queen of the Sirens!
What is they?
Years back, before Yoko
was Yuya's mom,
she was part of
a team of lady bikers
that caused a pretty big stir
in Paradise City.
If it's a duel
you're looking for,
it's a duel you'll get!
When I win, you better not
dock my allowance!
I'm not gonna
shortchange you.
Not like you're trying
to do to Sora.
What does Sora have
to do with any of this?
Everything! And Loco Yoko's
more than happy to show you why!
Bring it!
(both)
Let's duel!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Yoko)
When your father swooped in
to save my Siren sister,
it was like something
out of a movie...
nobody knew how to make
an entrance like your dad.
The only thing more amazing
was his smile.
The moment our eyes met,
I knew I would spend
the rest of my life with him.
Oh, be still
my beating heart.
I hope my darling Yuya
would do that for me.
Yusho was the most extraordinary
duelist I've ever met.
You see, I was battling
to settle scores with punks,
but your dad,
he had different ideas
about what dueling
was really about.
I'm baffled why anyone would
want to duel out of hate.
Remember, it takes more muscles
to frown than to smile,
and who needs
an unnecessary workout?
Now, let's see
those pearly whites!
(chuckling)
Oh...
Whoa, there's a man
with sparkle!
Your father showed me
the error of my ways,
and eventually my rule
as Queen of the Sirens
came to an end.
I may have hung up
my helmet,
but your dad's showbiz was about
to launch into the stratosphere.
The Leo Corporation
had just invented
the Augmented Reality Combat
system and, as you know,
dueling was changed forever.
ARC technology led to
the rise of Action Duels.
When they first began,
Action Duels were exciting,
but primitive.
They were focused on
pure power.
They were more about
the monster than the duelist.
But when your father
came onto the scene,
he revolutionized everything.
Yeah.
(Skip Boyle)
When Yusho started
filling his Action Duels
with acrobatics
and razzle dazzle,
the door to
the world of Dueltainment
was flung wide open.
But new doors don't
just open themselves.
Someone's gotta step up
and do something crazy
and new and push 'em open.
Just like you did.
You opened the door
to Pendulum Summoning.
Principle Boyle helped me see
my dad in a whole new light.
Dad's style,
his razzle dazzle
made people happy and brought
smiles to their faces
no matter how dire
or dark things got.
And? Are you following
in your dad's footsteps?
Are you always trying
to make people happy
no matter how dire
the situation?
I'm not sure...
I... guess not.
But that's easy
for you and dad to say.
What you were dealing with
is nothing compared to me.
I'm trying to save
an entire planet.
I see no difference.
Whatever, mom.
Your friend got taken by a bunch
of thugs to the local arcade,
not to an entire
new dimension like Zuzu did.
I tried your way,
but the make‐'em‐smile approach
only got me a missing Zuzu.
I'll do whatever it takes
to bring her home.
I would hate to be
Obelisk Force
knowing what
I'm gonna do to them!
But what's the point of saving
Zuzu if you lose yourself?
What are you
talking about?
Look, I know
it's heartbreaking.
And heartbreaking
for Skip.
Zuzu means the world to him
and always has.
Since Zuzu came into this world,
she's been his everything.
Even You Show School
took a back seat.
Skip loved Zuzu so much that
he'd rather change her diapers
than get his doctorate.
Our families have been close
from the start, so I know.
Zuzu has kept Skip smiling
and kept him in line, too.
I know Skip won't feel
a moment's peace
till his daughter's
safe and sound.
It's true!
Neither will we!
We miss her!
(groaning)
You must save Zuzu,
no doubt.
However,
in your darkest moment,
you must still do
what your father did.
And what did
your dad do?
Tell me...
He found a way
to save your friend,
but also save the hearts
of the opponents.
That's right, so you must
save Zuzu and Sora.
(gasps)
You must try to help him.
And don't stop with him.
Yuya, you can
make a difference.
Show everyone what
dueling's really about.
And just like your dad,
do it with a smile.
Well, this speech has
certainly gone on long enough,
and so has this turn.
So how 'bout you and Loco Yoko
get back to battling?
Since I ended my turn,
Smile World's effect
also ends,
so my monster's attack points
return to normal.
Road Raven Red Queens'
effect ends as well,
so you regain control of
Helpprincess and Salutiger,
but they've already served their
purpose, so it's no biggie.
Yoko Loco's
in the driver's seat now,
think you can overtake
the Queen of the Sirens?
Get set...
to be dethroned.
Are you ready?
Ah!
Okay, folks,
let's get on with the show!
(cheering)
Here's where the fun starts!
And thrills, too!
I'm so loosey‐goosey!
Whoa, better pace
yourselves, guys.
Ready?
(all)
Here we go!
Oh, what a man!
Get set for a performance
that'll leave you
begging for more.
Following in the legendary
footsteps of my dad,
I'm gonna
knock your socks off
with a dueltaining
extravaganza!
Yes!
Go for it!
To kick things off,
I'll use a little something
that's sure to razzle
and dazzle.
And here we go!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale.
I'm taking control
of this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to
summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum.
Carve the Arc of Victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
What comes next?
Show us, show us!
Please Yuya! Please!
We want to know!
Then I'll show you.
In honor of my parents,
I'm going to
try something new.
If it works, I'll change this
night and make it bright.
Now then, check what happens
when I play Magical Sky Mirror.
Now I can activate a spell
in your graveyard
that's sure to turn
some frowns upside down.
I'm activating
the spell Smile World!
(all)
Whoa!
Oh, yeah!
Goose pickles!
I love it!
(Yuya)
For every monster
on the field,
all our monsters
gain 100 attack points
until the end of the turn.
And since there are
four monsters,
they each get 400
additional attack points.
Look at how
they're all beaming.
Even her Road Raven
cracked a smile.
It makes me want to do
the strudel doodle.
The best is still to come.
Hang on to your suspenders,
Frederick.
Hey, Mom,
you better not let
Odd‐Eye Pendulum Dragon's
smile fool you
because it's still
full of fury.
Spiral Flame Strike!
(grunts)
And there's more
where that came from, Mom.
Since your Red Queen
is greater than Level 5,
Odd‐Eyes deals
double the damage.
Reaction Force!
And now my Tiger's
gonna earn its stripes
by attacking you directly.
Sorry, Mom.
The name's Loco Yoko!
And don't you dare forget it,
not for a second.
I can take whatever
you send my way,
so save your sorrys
for someone who needs 'em!
Bring it on, Yuya.
Okay.
If that's what you want,
that's what you'll get.
Helpprincess,
give Loco Yoko a royal sendoff
with a High Five Strike!
(Yuya)
Give Loco Yoko a royal sendoff
with a High Five Strike.
(laughing)
It's been so long
since my last duel,
I almost forgot
what a blast it is.
(Skip Boyle)
You may be down
for the 10 count,
but that duel was a TKO.
(Frederick)
You are the coolest
"mutter" around.
Huh?
Yuya, I want you to have this.
You're giving me
Smile World?
But this...
is the last card
dad gave you before
he disappeared.
And now I'm passing it
on to you.
Your dad thought that one day
you might need a little help
to get your smile back.
It looks like that day
has finally come.
(gasps)
Yuya, that card should always
serve as a reminder to you.
If you're down
in the dumps
or feel like
the world's against you,
sometimes making someone smile
can turn things around.
You're right.
I know you'll not only
bring back Zuzu,
but also find a way to get
your friend Sora smiling again.
You can do it, Yuya.
You can stop all the fighting.
That goes ditto for me.
And me.
Me, too.
It's unanimous.
I won't let you down,
promise.
(Aura)
I hope you can keep it.
I tried looking into the future,
but it's fuzzy.
One thing is clear, though,
as long as you
stay true to yourself,
no one has the power
to stop you.
Oh, and I also saw wedding bells
and a giant diamond ring.
Good to know.
Guess this is it.
I never would've made it
this far without my friends.
And even though you guys
won't be coming with
me on this mission,
I know we're all
in it together.
With your support,
I can't fail.
I'll be back soon with Zuzu.
Have you been
wrestling rhinos again?
Gong's daddy wanted
to test Gong's toughness.
No sweat, though, just
another Tuesday at the dojo.
Hmm.
Oh, goodie, the two weakest
members of our group
have finally decided to
grace us with their presence.
But Yuya beat you before,
so wouldn't that make you
one of the weakest?
(scoffs)
Get a haircut.
(Declan)
Good, you're all here.
Like you actually needed
anyone else
for the job but me.
The Seven Super Duelists
have reported in
and are ready for
your orders, sir.
We are more than seven.
Oh, right. Sorry, sir.
Including you,
we are eight!
We're nine.
Riley will be joining us.
We're not going
on a field trip.
How're we supposed
take on Duel Academy
in the Fusion Dimension
if we have to babysit?
The kid'll get in our way.
(Declan)
As a duelist, Riley could
stand up to any one of you.
How could Riley
stand up to me
when the pip squeak
barely reaches my kneecaps?
Hi there. Bet you're awesome if
Declan wants you on our squad.
How old are you?
Take a wild guess, genius.
I bet that small fry hasn't made
it out of nursery school yet.
And anyway, what's Riley done
to earn the honor
of battling beside me, the
world's top Pendulum duelist?
(Gong)
Give Gong a break, Sylvio.
Yuya's the Pendulum
master here.
The only thing you're tops at
is tootin' your own horn.
I don't like it one bit.
Attacking the Fusion Dimension
is tough enough
without having to
keep our eyes on that kid.
Then it's a good thing
we won't be going there.
We're not?
(all gasp)
(Declan)
Our first destination
will be the Synchro Dimension.
Why would we go there
instead of Fusion?
Because Obelisk Force
hasn't invaded there yet.
If we get there first,
we can recruit duelists
and form an alliance
between the Synchro
Dimension and ours.
By standing together,
we can crush Duel Academy.
We don't have time to stumble
around looking for friends.
Our best chance against
Duel Academy is to strike now.
We can catch them
by surprise
and end this fight
once and for all.
(Declan)
Your plan is perfect if you
want us to meet with disaster.
What?
I'm afraid Obelisk Force
is more formidable
than you realize.
Defeating them will require
a larger fighting force
than we currently have,
plus careful preparations.
I should have known it was
a mistake to team up with you.
If you're too timid to
bring the fight to them,
I'll go it alone.
You'll never win.
I've seen you take down
Obelisk Force
and I know
how good you are,
but don't forget
they outnumber you.
The Professor gathered warriors
from all over Fusion
and trained them
to be ruthless in battle.
You can't beat them alone,
no matter how skilled you are.
Declan's plan makes sense.
Our mission won't be easy,
but by building up our forces
and planning
our assault carefully,
this is a fight
we can win.
Don't worry, your sister's
going to be okay, trust me.
The Professor didn't hurt me
and he won't hurt Lulu.
After all,
we're practically twins.
Triplets if you count Zuzu.
Huh?
For some reason,
the Professor must be trying
to bring all of us together.
That has to be why he had
Lulu taken to Duel Academy
and it also explains why he sent
Obelisk Force to hunt me down.
And hunt down Zuzu.
(groans)
I don't have a clue
what the Professor
is planning to do with us,
but it must be important to him.
He's putting a lot of time
and resources into finding us.
So the last thing he'd want
is to put us in harm's way.
Lulu may be scared,
but she's definitely safe.
And Zuzu, do you think
she's safe, too?
Zuzu isn't at
Duel Academy.
Huh?
Is she, Declan?
Tell them what you told me.
Zuzu transported away
with a Synchro duelist.
Ah!
(thinking)
Well, I'll be fused.
I thought the Professor
had her for sure.
Is that really true?
Did you see Zuzu
go to the Synchro Dimension?
I did, Yuya.
A duelist from Synchro
grabbed Zuzu
and they vanished.
Earlier in the battle royal,
that same duelist
defeated three members
of Obelisk Force.
When I witnessed
that confrontation,
I knew at once we should
ally with Synchro.
We'll find Zuzu in Synchro,
I'm sure of it.
We have to get there fast,
before Obelisk Force finds her.
(grunts)
Don't be foolish, Shay.
You know that this is the best
way to save your sister.
All right, then.
My technicians
equipped these Duel Disks
with positron warp drives
that can spring us
to the other dimensions.
They reverse engineered
this technology
using a Duel Disk
from the Xyz Dimension.
How did you get your hands
on a Xyz Duel Disk?
Oh, I know...
Someone got it for you
by swiping it from Yuto.
And I'm betting that
somebody was you!
I never believed
that Yuto
just gave you his
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
You stole it from him!
Along with his Duel Disk.
(Yuto)
You're wrong!
You can count on Yuya
as a true friend.
He will never betray us.
Trust me, Shay!
Yuto...
Something wrong?
No.
Back to business.
Your Duel Disks
have been installed
with cutting‐edge technology
that enables them
to activate Action Fields.
It's important
to become experts
with the new functions
of your Duel Disks.
Pendulum Summoning and
Action Cards are two weapons
that our adversary
does not have.
These are the keys
to our victory.
Now, take hold of
your Dimensionizers.
I've uploaded the coordinates
for Synchro Dimension
into these cards.
Insert them into your Duel Disks
and activate them on my command.
(Frederick)
I hope Yuya sends a postcard
when he reaches
the next dimension.
(Allie)
I doubt there's interdimensional
mail delivery, Frederick.
(Yoko)
But I'm sure he'll be
thinking of us often.
Just as we'll all
be thinking of Yuya.
Guten Tag, Nico.
That boy had
enormous potential.
I planned to turn him
into a superstar.
Yuya would've taken
the pro circuit by storm.
He would have been
adored by the masses.
I guess it just
wasn't meant to be.
Cheer up, Nico, because
I know Yuya will come back.
And he's gonna bring Zuzu
back with him, too.
After he knocks
the "knockwurst"
out of those dimensions
with his razamataz.
You said it, Fred!
Yuya's gonna show
that dueltaining
is the best in this world,
their world, or any world!
Go get 'em, champ!
Prepare to 'port.
Activate your cards
in three, two, one...
go!
♪